# Ecom 4 Design Setup

## Stack

- Framewor: NextJS: v16.0.1
- Build-tool: Turbopack
- CSS: TailwindCSS: v4.1.14
- Components: ShadCN: v3.4.2
- State-management: Zustand: v5.0.8
- Validation: Zod: 4.1.12

## Folder Structure:

```
- src
- components
  - data.ts: Data used by components
  - ui: UI components added by ShadCN
  - theme-provider.tsx: Dark/Light mode option provider.
- hooks: Folder for Custom React hooks
- lib: Folder for custom lib files.
- app
  - globals.css: ShadCN Theming CSS file.
  - (auth): Directory with all the Post-login pages.
    - layout.tsx: Root layout for the Auth Pages.
    - page.tsx: The default root page.
- package.json
- package-lock.json
- README.md (The file you're reading right now, recursion...)
- README-NEXTJS.md: Default Readme file generated by NextJS.
- tsconfig.json: Typescript config settings
```

## System Requirements:

- NodeJS: v24.4.0
- NPM: v11.4.2

## Setting Up instructions:

1. Clone the repository (duh).
2. Run `npm install` or `npm i` (for fancy people)
3. Copy env.example file as .env in the same location as that of env.example file.
4. Run `npm run dev` to start the server.
5. If everything's fine the server will be started on: [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/) or some other port if `3000` is used by some other application.

## Things you should not modified manually (or modified with caution)

- \_\_root.tsx: The main templating file, modify with caution.
- routTree.gen.ts: Autogenerated file by TanstackRouter NO MANUAL MODIFICATION.
- package.json: Rarely needs manual modification.
- package-lock.json: Autogenerated file by npm, NO MANUAL MODIFICATION.
- Files in src > components > ui folder, these files are Autogenerated by ShadCN cli / npx, NO MANUAL MODIFICATION.

## Local Trouble Shooting

### 1. After visiting [http://localhost:3000/](http://localhost:3000/), it's redirecting to accounts login every time even if I'm logged in

### Steps for Fixes:

1. Open the Browser Console.
2. Open the store > user.ts file and comment the redirection logic in the `logout` function.
3. In the Browser console > Sources Tab: Pause the JavaScript.
4. In the Browser Console > Application Tab: Create a cookie named token with your accounts login token.
5. After creating the cookie, you can start the JavaScript.

### Why it happens?

-- It's happening because the Accounts cookie is created with Host app.vamaship.com which localhost can not read.
